Pull them down and lock them up and discipline them well
When will you teach them and then let them out?
Yes
No one yet
Grim Reaper, are you addicted to your eyes?
Today, the Dragon King is out of customs.
Everyone knows
My Zhao family will be at this life dragon banquet
Receive the grace of the Dragon King
My grandfather went to the Dragon King Palace early in the morning to meet the Dragon King
You wait.
It won't be long
Here comes the Dragon King
You're all going to die.
What!
If the real Dragon King comes, I'll be screwed
Or go up
This king is here today
I wanted to be kind to all beings
But you keep disrespecting me
Let's not have this banquet today
It's up to you.
Boy, you can only go out sideways today
I see who dares
Fan Ruolin
Do you really want to tear your face with my Zhao family for this liar?
Xiao Tianshi, my mother had a meeting with you back then
Everyone knows this
These people are blind and do not know the real dragon
I also asked Xiao Tianshi to treat my mother's illness
As long as my mother recovers
Naturally, it will be confirmed by Xiao Tianshi
At that time, I will see who dares to question your identity
He saw me and I woke him up and I'm screwed
Don't let him cure you
Three years ago, the head of the Wan family suddenly fell ill
The world's famous doctors are helpless
Only the Dragon King can heal you
If we can cure him today
I knelt down and confessed my mistake to you
Admit that you are the Dragon King
If you can't cure it
I don't need to do it today
Wanjia can't spare you